doc/commands/stolon-keeper.md, before:

## stolon-keeper



### Synopsis



```
stolon-keeper [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --cluster-name string             cluster name
      --data-dir string                 data directory
  -h, --help                            help for stolon-keeper
      --kube-resource-kind string       the k8s resource kind to be used to store stolon clusterdata and do sentinel leader election (only "configmap" is currently supported)
      --log-color                       enable color in log output (default if attached to a terminal)
      --log-level string                debug, info (default), warn or error (default "info")
      --metrics-listen-address string   metrics listen address i.e "0.0.0.0:8080" (disabled by default)
      --pg-advertise-address string     postgresql instance address from outside. Use it to expose ip different than local ip with a NAT networking config
      --pg-advertise-port string        postgresql instance port from outside. Use it to expose port different than local port with a PAT networking config
      --pg-bin-path string              absolute path to postgresql binaries. If empty they will be searched in the current PATH
      --pg-listen-address string        postgresql instance listening address, local address used for the postgres instance. For all network interface, you can set the value to '*'.
      --pg-port string                  postgresql instance listening port (default "5432")
      --pg-repl-auth-method string      postgres replication user auth method. Default is md5. (default "md5")
      --pg-repl-password string         postgres replication user password. Only one of --pg-repl-password or --pg-repl-passwordfile must be provided. Must be the same for all keepers.
      --pg-repl-passwordfile string     postgres replication user password file. Only one of --pg-repl-password or --pg-repl-passwordfile must be provided. Must be the same for all keepers.
      --pg-repl-username string         postgres replication user name. Required. It'll be created on db initialization. Must be the same for all keepers.
      --pg-su-auth-method string        postgres superuser auth method. Default is md5. (default "md5")
      --pg-su-password string           postgres superuser password. Only one of --pg-su-password or --pg-su-passwordfile must be provided. Must be the same for all keepers.
      --pg-su-passwordfile string       postgres superuser password file. Only one of --pg-su-password or --pg-su-passwordfile must be provided. Must be the same for all keepers)
      --pg-su-username string           postgres superuser user name. Used for keeper managed instance access and pg_rewind based synchronization. It'll be created on db initialization. Defaults to the name of the effective user running stolon-keeper. Must be the same for all keepers.
      --store-backend string            store backend type (etcdv2/etcd, etcdv3, consul or kubernetes)
      --store-ca-file string            verify certificates of HTTPS-enabled store servers using this CA bundle
      --store-cert-file string          certificate file for client identification to the store
      --store-endpoints string          a comma-delimited list of store endpoints (use https scheme for tls communication) (defaults: http://127.0.0.1:2379 for etcd, http://127.0.0.1:8500 for consul)
      --store-key string                private key file for client identification to the store
      --store-prefix string             the store base prefix (default "stolon/cluster")
      --store-skip-tls-verify           skip store certificate verification (insecure!!!)
      --store-timeout duration          store request timeout (default 5s)
      --uid string                      keeper uid (must be unique in the cluster and can contain only lower-case letters, numbers and the underscore character). If not provided a random uid will be generated.
```

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 6-Mar-2020

Commit message:

Add --priority keeper option.
Sentinel will promote keeper with higher priority than the current one if this
is possible. In async mode this is a bit non-deterministic because we always
elect node with highest LSN, and under heavy load prioritized node might never
report LSN higher than its stronger competitors. However, if nodes are equal
this should happen at some moment. In sync mode, we can just elect any of
synchronous standbies.

Priority can be set during keeper start (--priority) or later with new command
'stolonctl set keeperpriority'. The latter allows to update priority without
restarting the keeper (and its Postgres instance), which can be used for
controlled failover.

Implements #492

doc/commands/stolon-keeper.md, after:

## stolon-keeper



### Synopsis



```
stolon-keeper [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --can-be-master                   prevent keeper from being elected as master (default true)
      --can-be-synchronous-replica      prevent keeper from being chosen as synchronous replica (default true)
      --cluster-name string             cluster name
      --data-dir string                 data directory
  -h, --help                            help for stolon-keeper
      --kube-resource-kind string       the k8s resource kind to be used to store stolon clusterdata and do sentinel leader election (only "configmap" is currently supported)
      --log-color                       enable color in log output (default if attached to a terminal)
      --log-level string                debug, info (default), warn or error (default "info")
      --metrics-listen-address string   metrics listen address i.e "0.0.0.0:8080" (disabled by default)
      --pg-advertise-address string     postgresql instance address from outside. Use it to expose ip different than local ip with a NAT networking config
      --pg-advertise-port string        postgresql instance port from outside. Use it to expose port different than local port with a PAT networking config
      --pg-bin-path string              absolute path to postgresql binaries. If empty they will be searched in the current PATH
      --pg-listen-address string        postgresql instance listening address, local address used for the postgres instance. For all network interface, you can set the value to '*'.
      --pg-port string                  postgresql instance listening port (default "5432")
      --pg-repl-auth-method string      postgres replication user auth method. Default is md5. (default "md5")
      --pg-repl-password string         postgres replication user password. Only one of --pg-repl-password or --pg-repl-passwordfile must be provided. Must be the same for all keepers.
      --pg-repl-passwordfile string     postgres replication user password file. Only one of --pg-repl-password or --pg-repl-passwordfile must be provided. Must be the same for all keepers.
      --pg-repl-username string         postgres replication user name. Required. It'll be created on db initialization. Must be the same for all keepers.
      --pg-su-auth-method string        postgres superuser auth method. Default is md5. (default "md5")
      --pg-su-password string           postgres superuser password. Only one of --pg-su-password or --pg-su-passwordfile must be provided. Must be the same for all keepers.
      --pg-su-passwordfile string       postgres superuser password file. Only one of --pg-su-password or --pg-su-passwordfile must be provided. Must be the same for all keepers)
      --pg-su-username string           postgres superuser user name. Used for keeper managed instance access and pg_rewind based synchronization. It'll be created on db initialization. Defaults to the name of the effective user running stolon-keeper. Must be the same for all keepers.
      --priority int                    keeper priority, integer. Stolon will promote available keeper with higher priority than current master, if this is possible. Healthy keeper with higher priority will be elected even if current master is online. If not specified, priority is set to 0 on first keeper invocation; on subsequent invocations, last value (which could be also set with 'stolonctl setkeeperpriority') is reused.
      --store-backend string            store backend type (etcdv2/etcd, etcdv3, consul or kubernetes)
      --store-ca-file string            verify certificates of HTTPS-enabled store servers using this CA bundle
      --store-cert-file string          certificate file for client identification to the store
      --store-endpoints string          a comma-delimited list of store endpoints (use https scheme for tls communication) (defaults: http://127.0.0.1:2379 for etcd, http://127.0.0.1:8500 for consul)
      --store-key string                private key file for client identification to the store
      --store-prefix string             the store base prefix (default "stolon/cluster")
      --store-skip-tls-verify           skip store certificate verification (insecure!!!)
      --store-timeout duration          store request timeout (default 5s)
      --uid string                      keeper uid (must be unique in the cluster and can contain only lower-case letters, numbers and the underscore character). If not provided a random uid will be generated.
```

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 9-Jul-2020
